chat imagechat image
build a website for me that launches my thought leadership around generative AI and Ai strategy within enterprises. There should be a consolidated section to access all my online content. There should a section for my background all those relevant to AI. My resume is attached to help with that. I want to have one offering that's Dial-an-AI-Expert which has calendar booking and payment collection for $500/ hr. I want to have a fractional Chief AI Officer offering. I want to have Enterprise AI Enablement consulting offering: 1. Run GenAI Hackathon for 3 days. 2. AI strategy offsite for 2 days. And a final one with AI product intensive bootcamp. 4-6 weeks. 4 weeks to build a fully functional product with AI, and 6 weeks to get to launch. The site should be visually impactful, high-tech invoking AI imagery, light background animation, SEO optimized, clear call to action. 

Here's where you can get the information you need for the content of the site:
my linked in profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yuyingchenwynn/
my substack newsletters: yuying.substack.com
my AI podcast: https://www.youtube.com/@AIAfterHours-sh9qc
My full name to search for my other speaking spots: Yuying Chen-Wynn, Head of AI for PEAK6
My current website: http://www.wittinglyventures.com
Used the attached images as design guidance for structure and look and feel.
My resume is below: 
AI TECHNOLOGY AND PRODUCT EXECUTIVE
GENERATIVE AI TRANSFORMATION, AI RISK AND GOVERNANCE, AI PRODUCTIZATION
I am an AI technology executive with a passion to combine the power of generative AI and traditional ML/AI to create 10x user experiences
driving value in efficiency and revenue throughout global markets. I’m currently driving all generative AI build, buy, invest, and risk management
initiatives across 6 companies targeting to achieve $10M annual savings in efficiency, $200M in AI related investments, and $500M in
valuation increase.
Recognized as a generative AI Transformation and AI Product Strategy thought leader, I combine my deep technical knowledge with user-
centric design to create AI products and systems that breakthrough adoption barriers. I have 15 years of experience building data platforms
and AI products leveraging generative AI, natural language AI, machine learning, image processing, computer vision, augmented reality, content
generation, adaptive learning and technical SEO. I have 20+ years of experience building systems and products in FinTech, EdTech, and Big
Tech for US, Europe and Asia. A strategy is only as good as its execution and I get to outcomes by building outcome driven, evidence driven,
strategic, efficient, and fun-loving organizations.
LEADERSHIP STYLE: AI, data, and technology product strategist experienced in leading multi-location, multi-cultural global teams. Strong
proponent of grow-from-within who has coached staff through rapid AI-upskilling and strategic leadership development. U.S. Citizen; native
English and Mandarin speaker.
THOUGHT LEADERSHIP: Invited Speaker for CIO conference, Responsible AI Conference, AI Executives Roundtable, NYC Tech Week,
Kellogg/MIT Sloan/UCLA Anderson MBA programs/Stanford Executive Ed, Section AI mini-MBA/AI for Product Leaders, Women in Product
Executive Edge, Numerous Podcasts | Host of AI Afterhours Podcast | Author GenAI Real Talk Newsletter | yuying.substack.com
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
HEAD OF AI | PEAK6 | 2023—PRESENT
PEAK6 is a family of companies that currently includes 3 in the Financial Service industry, 2 in EdTech, and 1 in Entertainment. The 2 largest
companies are billion-dollar businesses include PEAK6 Capital Management, a proprietary options trading firm with $38B AUM and APEX
Fintech Solutions, a custody and clearing platform managing 20M+ retail investor accounts. Defined and leading AI and GenAI strategy across
6 operating companies targeting a combined total of $10M recurring annual savings, $200M in AI related strategic capital investments, and
$500M in potential valuation increase in phase 1 (~24 months). Defined, operating, and optimizing AI Risk and Governance framework,
processes, and working groups to address shifting regulatory and compliance landscape of a highly regulated industry with state, federal, and
international regulatory considerations. Built a proprietary GenAI platform in 12 months, adoption 80% and usage doubling every quarter.
⧫ Proprietary GenAI Platform: Built the team, strategy, AI architecture, and leading product for proprietary GenAI platform to distill
all enterprise knowledge, including all SME expertise, into a network of bots. Initial launch only 2 months after project start, currently
at 87% adoption across all 6 companies, usage doubling every quarter. First year savings $6M+. Includes developer platform and
tools, sdk, slack client, web client, workflow support, and custom agent creation. Already driving client facing AI functionality and
moving to scale up.
⧫ Custom AI Products: Building new AI products to spin off as separate businesses in several vertical use cases: AI-native CRM, Investor
Relations AI Platform, Real-time Meeting Assistant, Regulatory Check Agent.
⧫ AI Risk and Governance: Published AI policy per company only 2 months after start of the role. Built, operating, and optimizing 2 AI
Risk and Compliance committees with processes to assess technology, determine risk exposure, inventory use of AI, regularly review
regulatory compliance landscape and adherence, and manage approved AI related communications.
⧫ AI Investments Strategy: Created AI investment thesis for strategic capital investment arm of the firm, serve as AI SME for all AI
related deal flow technical due diligence, including new AI fund in partnership with Coreweave to exchange compute for equity.
Targeting ~$200M in investments specific to AI. Current investments in Coreweave(IPO), Groq, Highlight AI.
⧫ AI Education and Adoption Programs: Created internal GenAI education courses: beginner, intermediate, and advanced content.
Created additional AI learning paths with external content, and teach back programs. Increasing AI capability across the organization
with AI community, regular AI news and prompts, executive sponsors for strategic AI communications, and a popular AI ambassador
program with 40 ambassadors with intermediate and advanced training to help increase adoption and enterprise capability. The Ai
ambassador program was key to help grow platform adoption to 80%+ in 6 months.
MANAGING DIRECTOR | WITTINGLY VENTURES | 2021—2024
Wittingly Ventures focuses on expert advisory in the areas of AI, product strategy, and technology strategy.
⧫ Game Data Pros: Advisor and executive coach on product and data science leadership for ML driven revenue optimization
experimentation and promotions platform for the digital entertainment industry. Increased annual revenue in AAA game by $16M.
⧫ C-plan.ai: Advisory on data architecture, technology selection, product strategy for a startup that leverages AI in a decision
intelligence system that processes internal and market data to predict medium-to-long-term workforce supply-demand gaps and
optimize investment decisions to bridge those gaps to solve the healthcare workforce crisis.. Introduced other advisory board
members and potential investors.
YUYING CHEN-WYNN
Greater Los Angeles Area | 415.910.2971 | yuyingcwynn@gmail.com | Linkedin.com/in/yuyingchenwynn | Page 3 of 3
⧫ The Learning Lab(Singapore): Hired by CEO to create EdTech product lines and a hyper growth strategy. Built MVP’s for 2 EdTech
product lines (1 AI-driven). Due diligence on numerous acquisition and partnership candidates. Assessment and hiring for internal
technology team, including CIO. The Learning Lab is the largest supplemental education organization in Singapore specializing in
exam prep.
⧫ The Moringa School(Kenya): Executive coach for head of product and provide advisory on product, market, and competitive strategy.
Moringa is a hybrid online and in-person education organization focused on coding, computer science, and data analysis in Kenya.
CHIEF PRODUCT OFFICER AND DATA PLATFORMS, DSS | BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION | 2021—2022
Barnes and Noble Education(BNED) is the operator and service provider of 1245 university and high school bookstores in the U.S., the largest
in the market. Drove product, growth and data strategy for EdTech division of this billion-dollar ARR Higher Ed provider with global student
facing online solutions for homework help, writing help and tutoring. Expanded D2C and B2B student-facing learning tools and solutions,
diversify monetization model for US and international college and high school students. Revamped data platforms and built new data teams
in experimentation and data science. Oversees product, design, research and data organizations with $9M P&L. DEI action committee.
⧫ Data-driven Organizational Transformation: Led outcome driven data centric transformation for the organization. Built out new
experimentation function, user research function, and prioritization/investment framework.
⧫ AI Capability Build out: Rebuilt from reporting centric data team to AI/ML organization that drives product differentiation with
personalization, predictive modeling and AI productization. Replaced the full data tech stack, and added experimentation, data
modeling, and ML capabilities.
⧫ Growth Strategy and Monetization: Launched new B2B product line in 6 months, added new Ad-based revenue stream, introduced
international tiered pricing.
⧫ Product Optimization: Increased registration rates by 24% and reduced monthly fraud costs by 83%.
VP, INTERNATIONAL PRODUCTS | AGE OF LEARNING | 2018—2021
Age of Learning is the company behind ABCmouse, the market leader for early childhood education software and adaptive learning products
in K12. Built the company’s first AI-native product for the international market, grew from 0 to $65M in annual revenue. Ownership of AI
product and content strategy, strategic planning, partnership management, technology and data strategy. Oversaw product, design,
engineering, and data teams.
⧫ AI-native Adaptive Learning Product: Achieved ~30% monthly growth rate in Year 1 for ABCmouse in China and 7X revenue gains
in Year 2, leading product development in partnership with Tencent, China’s largest consumer internet brand.
⎯ Company’s first AI-native adaptive learning product built in collaboration with the Tencent AI team with custom speech
models and recognition capabilities.
⎯ Built full data pipeline from scratch to support the AI-native product.
⧫ Content Generation Automated Product Development Process: Reduced educational course development process speed 75% with
automated content generation platform and process. Because of this automation, we built and launched a brand-new STEM readiness
product in China during COVID lockdown with 4x normal speed. Product is projected to drive 30% of revenue of flagship China
product line in year 1.
⧫ Learning Management System Revamp: Led LMS redesign, including new technology platform, data platform, and learning analytics
dashboard.
VP, PRODUCT AND BUSINESS SYSTEMS | EF | 2014—2018
EF Education First is a global education company focusing on language, academic, cultural exchange, and educational travel programs with
50,000+ employees and operates out of 111 countries. Supported double-digit growth for this top player in Language Learning across all age
segments and all major global markets with scaling all digital capabilities. Helmed online and mobile language learning digital capabilities,
business systems and data analytics capabilities, and digital transformation for the adult and kids and teen English centers product line across
China, Hong Kong, Russia, Indonesia, and Spain with team size up to 120 and $5M-10M annual P&L.
⧫ Data Analytics: Uplifted business transparency through the build-out of the company’s first data engineering and analytics team and
infrastructure.
⧫ AI Speech Recognition: Leveraged academic AI speech recognition models from Cambridge to introduce China market’s first
innovative AI language practice and feedback product
⧫ Cost Containment: Forged a new mobile LMS product line from scratch that slashed processing time 86%.
⧫ Sales Gains: Contributed to 2X revenue growth, leading full redesign and technology upgrade of in-class learning content.
⧫ Historic Revenue Generation: Sustained highest-ever revenue levels for 5 straight months YOY despite 20-year-old business,
directing single largest technology transformation (move to cloud, rebuilt 9 business systems on Salesforce, built new data platform
on Snowflake and Tableau) effort ($16M in 18 months) across China, Russia, and Indonesia.
PRODUCT MANAGEMENT DIRECTOR | 99BILL | 2013—2014
Led the mobile-first transformation for this #3 independent online payment provider in China processing >1.2T RMB annually.
Led product management for payments product lines and inter-bank services with a team of 15.
⧫ Fraud Prevention and Data Cleansing: Led nation-wide data cleansing, data quality effort to increase fraud prevention effectiveness
and meet regulatory demands on data lineage. Scrubbed, updated, and normalized 90% of all vendor data in 5 months.
⧫ Mobile Product Line Expansion: Championed mobile-first internet financial services strategy that grew revenue 3X in 1 year via
white labeling. Delivered seamless and safe payments acceptance for merchants via mobile applications.
⧫ Product Management Best Practices: Upgraded product management capabilities and articulated product platform, mobile market
strategy, and company-wide product-driven methodology.
YUYING CHEN-WYNN
Greater Los Angeles Area | 415.910.2971 | yuyingcwynn@gmail.com | Linkedin.com/in/yuyingchenwynn | Page 3 of 3
⎯ Formalized data-driven product management competency with automated revenue forcasting.
PRODUCT DIRECTOR | EBAOTECH | 2011—2013
Created capability for 30% market expansion for this FinTech enterprise software company serving insurance providers in 24 countries. Grew
mobile product $1M, guiding product management, enablement, and delivery with 3 teams totaling up to 15 members.
⧫ Mobile Product Management: Achieved #1 Asian market position for life insurance ERP platform segment by delivering 2 releases
of the company’s first mobile-first and fully localized product.
⎯ Achieved rapid go-to market through negotiations of the company’s first-ever OEM product partnership.
⧫ Partner Enablement: Conceived, designed, and rolled out the industry’s first full partner training program, including curriculum, live
/ video content, exams, and website, in less than 6 months. Enabled SE Asia expansion with zero additional staff.
⧫ Sales Efficiency: Uplifted sales efficiency, building out product marketing function from the ground up. Produced the company’s first
market segmentation analysis, competitive research, and sales tools and trained teams in 2 languages.
SENIOR DIRECTOR, NORTH AMERICAN & EUROPE DIVISION | ISOFTSTONE | 2006—2011
Enabled US market breakthrough for this public tier 1 Chinese global services company, overseeing Microsoft product delivery, account
management, and North American marketing. Managed a team of 5 Project Managers and Technical Leads.
⧫ US Product Launch: Overdelivered US sales 130% in Year 1, leading Microsoft partnership product development for Windows phone,
Outlook mobile, OCS mobile, and Office communication / speech servers.
⧫ US Market Expansion and M&A: Solidified US market position via the identification and brokering of an $8.8M acquisition that
generated $28M in 18 months. Positioned acquisition as largest US corporate client.
EARLY CAREER HISTORY
LEAD PRODUCT MANAGER | BUSINESS OBJECTS (A SAP COMPANY), A DATA ANALYTICS COMPANY
Positioned competitive strategy vs Microsoft and high-value enterprise sales, owned product strategy and management of enterprise reporting
tools for developer customer segment. Partnership management with Microsoft and IBM. Built the first analytics developer community
strategy to mirror MSDN, that community is still active today.
SENIOR PROGRAM MANAGER | MICROSOFT
Oversaw product design and programs for diverse Microsoft initiatives, including product features in Windows, MSN, Office, Corporate
Procurement, and internal systems.
EDUCATION
EDUCATION: ME in Computer Science & Electrical Engineering | MIT
⧫ Authored thesis on high-level computer vision pattern recognition & gender detection.
BS in Computer Science & Electrical Engineering | MIT
⧫ Specialization in computer graphics light rendering algorithms. Built educational toys and software to teach
programming that were early-gen LEGO Mindstorm, and Scratch at MIT Media Lab Epistemology and Learning group,
built interactive mini-bots for the Things That Think (TTT) Consortium
BOARDS: People Incorporated | Minnesota’s largest community health services provider for mental health.
⧫ Board Member, Impact Committee
C-Plan.ai | An AI workforce management platform for healthcare industry.
⧫ Advisory Board Member, Data, AI, and Product Strategy
CERTIFICATIONS: Nvidia Deep Learning | Nvidia Multi-modal Agents
AFFILIATIONS: WBL | Chief | Emerge Venture Fellow | Summit | Wonder Women
INTEREST: NDCA Pro-Am National Competitive Ballroom Dancer